# UNCC_AERO---Aero-package-and-LTS
This project has aimed to create an aerodynamic package capable of improving the lap time of a short track race car by designing aerodynamic improvements tailored to short track use. While most short track racing is dominated by suspension and tire performance, the effects of aerodynamics cannot be ignored. The average consumer car creates lift, harming lap times and preventing the vehicle from competing at the highest level possible. The UNCC_AERO team has created improvements using Computer Aided Engineering (CAE) in order to create the developments in design more rapidly. The aerodynamic package has been designed iteratively using Computer Aided Design (CAD), tested aerodynamically using Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD), and verified with physical testing at the Aerodyne A2 wind tunnel. To tailor the designs to the vehicle’s racing style, a lap time simulator was developed to test the effects of aerodynamic improvements on performance of the vehicle when racing on a short-track race course.

# How to use this Repo
The team has chosen to use Github due to its easy access and long term storage of data. This repo will be updated with new versions of the lap time simulator as well as tutorial documents for how to use this code to start your own lap time simulation tools. Inside of each folder will be a readme document that will outline the general though process behind the coding and physics of the LTS. Hopefully in the feature there will also be links to videos which will give more in depth analysis of the coding and use of the LTS software.
